983. Minimum Cost For Tickets

===============

You have planned some train traveling one year in advance. The days of the year in which you will travel are given as an integer array days. Each day is an integer from 1 to 365.

Train tickets are sold in three different ways:

a 1-day pass is sold for costs[0] dollars,
a 7-day pass is sold for costs[1] dollars, and
a 30-day pass is sold for costs[2] dollars.
The passes allow that many days of consecutive travel.

For example, if we get a 7-day pass on day 2, then we can travel for 7 days: 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8.
Return the minimum number of dollars you need to travel every day in the given list of days.

##### Example 1:

Input: days = [1,4,6,7,8,20], costs = [2,7,15]
Output: 11
Explanation: For example, here is one way to buy passes that lets you travel your travel plan:
On day 1, you bought a 1-day pass for costs[0] = $2, which covered day 1.
On day 3, you bought a 7-day pass for costs[1] = $7, which covered days 3, 4, ..., 9.
On day 20, you bought a 1-day pass for costs[0] = $2, which covered day 20.
In total, you spent $11 and covered all the days of your travel.

##### Example 2:

Input: days = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,30,31], costs = [2,7,15]
Output: 17
Explanation: For example, here is one way to buy passes that lets you travel your travel plan:
On day 1, you bought a 30-day pass for costs[2] = $15 which covered days 1, 2, ..., 30.
On day 31, you bought a 1-day pass for costs[0] = $2 which covered day 31.
In total, you spent $17 and covered all the days of your travel.

##### Constraints:

1 <= days.length <= 365
1 <= days[i] <= 365
days is in strictly increasing order.
costs.length == 3
1 <= costs[i] <= 1000

```java
class Solution {
    public int mincostTickets(int[] days, int[] costs) {

        int len = days.length, maxDay = days[len - 1], minDay = days[0];
        
        // dp[i]表示到从第i天开始，所需要的最小费用累计
        int[] dp = new int[maxDay + 31];

        // 数组days的索引
        int index = len -1;

        // 从最后一天往前推导
        for (int i = maxDay; i >= minDay; i--) {
            if (index >= 0 && i == days[index]) {
                // 决策1：后面不包，只买当天的票
                // 决策2：买7天的票，再加上7天后需要的金额
                // 决策3：买30天的票，再加上30天后需要的金额
                dp[i] = Math.min(dp[i+1] + costs[0], Math.min(dp[i+7] + costs[1], dp[i+30] + costs[2]));
                index--;
            } else {
                dp[i] = dp[i+1];
            }
        }

        return dp[minDay];
    }
}
```

